Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Craft a healing
potion for the boss crawl
'cause the loot boxes
are weak sauce.
Follow me.
Leroy Jenkins!
Right behind you.
Townes.
School.
Yeah.
I'm not doing so great
in Geometry.
My last test I... no, crap.
Orc on my six.
Hold.
Gotta switch
to my ranged dragon bow.
Got him.
If you need help
with your homework,
call me.
Really? That'd be great.
Thanks.
Townes, you're gonna be late.
Yeah.
You're still coming to my
science award ceremony, right?
Yeah, I can't wait to see you.
Remember, it starts at six.
I emailed and messaged you
the address.
I got it.
Just so you know,
in the picture I sent you
I have bangs,
but they've grown out now,
so I look different.
Okay, then wear that
Naruto headband
I sent you,
so I can recognize you.
Cool, yeah, good idea.
I love you.
I love you too.
Hey.
We're here.
I got you a breakfast burrito.
Egg, cheese,
and an obscene amount of mayo,
as you like it.
You stopped somewhere
and I didn't even notice?
- You were out cold.
- Thanks.
And thank you
for taking me home.
Yeah, well, I was
in the neighborhood.
So...
What... what're you doing later?
School.
What are you doing?
Well, traffic sucks right now,
so I thought I'd wait it out
a couple of days.
Just to be safe.
Right.
Plus, you owe me that story
about the old lady in Vermont.
Right.
I can find somewhere to crash.
But only if you want me to.
Okay.
Can you pick me up after school?
Yes, ma'am.
- Get out of my car.
- Okay.
Bye.
I think I can make it
there around 5:30.
- Okay, good.
- Come from work.
Hi, honey.
You feeling better?
Yeah. Yes.
Um, I still kind of
have a headache,
but much better. Yeah.
You know, breakfast actually
looks really good today.
Yeah? Want pancakes?
I can make you some pancakes?
No, you don't have to do that.
Can you pass me
the peanut butter, though?
Henry, did you hear that
Jenna won first prize
in the State Science Decathlon?
Dad.
What, can't be proud
of my own daughter?
I didn't even know she was
in a state science thing.
It's not a big deal.
She's just nervous
'cause she has
to accept the prize
in front of the whole school.
Yeah, it's a special
presentation
before the big game tonight.
Dad, Townes is accepting
the award, okay?
Not me. It's... it's a team thing.
Well, I think
it's very impressive.
I never won anything
when I was in high school.
We're all gonna be there
to support you.
- Yeah.
- Right?
Yeah, I'll be there.
- So is it true?
- Shit if I know, dude.
I mean, I should probably,
like, ask my mom.
But what would I say?
Hey, I woke up in a home
that we used to live in
from before I can remember,
met some old lady,
and she told me Dad
was fucking nuts.
True or false?
Yeah, that does...
That does sound bad.
But...
what if you and he both...
You know...
Well, we'd make
the perfect pair.
Traveling schizophrenic dad
and seizure daughter.
You could have a sitcom.
The game you've all been
waiting for is tonight,
against our rivals,
Lincoln High.
Come support our Warriors.
The game starts at 5:00.
So, is your boyfriend
still in town?
He's not my boyfriend.
But I thought...
Did it end badly or something?
No, things didn't really end.
They just...
It's a long story.
Anyway, he's here now, so I'll see if I
can get him to come to your ceremony.
Yeah...
I don't... I don't think you
should come.
No, I want to.
I mean,
it's like important to you.
Clay's gonna be honored
at the game.
I wanted to tell you before,
but I... I think
it's gonna be a big thing.
It's gross, I know.
If people knew what
he was really like,
then they wouldn't
be treating him like he was
some sort of God.
Yeah, it's fine.
I can handle it.
Are you sure?
Hey, Jenna.
Hi.
I was wondering, if you're
gonna be around after the game,
I figured maybe
we could hang out
and watch a movie or something?
Yeah, okay, that'd be cool.
Cool.
What was that about?
We're just...
We're just hanging out.
Since when?
He's not like
the other guys on the team.
Yeah, I know.
He seems really nice.
I was just saying,
like, be careful.
I should get to class.
Fuck, God damn it.
Mrs. Miller.
His service was this morning.
We received a bag of Amos'
effects with his body,
but his Bible is missing.
I see.
Well, we gave you
everything that we had.
Everything he had on him
when he was brought in.
But he
always carried it with him.
Always.
Well, I can check
with the medical examiner,
and make sure that
it wasn't misplaced.
Look, it was stolen.
How do you know that?
If it wasn't with him,
it was stolen.
Do you understand?
Okay.
Okay, um...
Can you tell me
what it looked like?
It's, a pocket Bible.
Brown with Amos' name
on the front.
It was a gift from
his father and myself
on his 16th birthday.
Please, help me find it.
Please.
Hi, Randy, this is Anna Hulce.
Um, my car is
giving me some trouble.
Can I get a tow?
You wanna grab something to eat?
What are you doing?
If something's wrong,
you can tell me.
Ever since I picked you up,
you just...
What's going on?
Henry.
Just shut up, please.
You okay?
- Henry.
- Yeah.
I'm being serious. Hey!
- That hurts... hey.
- Henry... calm.
You okay?
Fuck.
Did I do something wrong?
No, no, no. No.
Just need some air.
Sorry.
No, no, don't be.
It's okay.
I, um...
I found this cool place
I wanna show you.
I think you'll like it.
Trust me.
If you're not into it,
I'll... I'll give you a ride home.
Whatever you want.
Okay.
I got a buddy on the force
over in Mississauga County.
Says he just came across his third
fentanyl overdose of the week.
Mississauga?
We don't have anybody
over there.
Where'd they get their product?
Emlen.
Pills have
Jeremiah's stamp on them.
That son of a bitch.
Why would Jeremiah take up
with a new distributor
so close to home?
'Cause he's a lying
sack of shit, that's why.
Pious fuck.
And to think I helped him
get his son's body back.
Well, he's not forcing me out
without a fight.
Fuck.
I saw you being towed in.
Time for a new car?
Not on a deputy's salary.
I think it's just the starter.
Nothing fatal.
I'm sorry that you and Henry
never got a chance to talk.
I called the office,
but the Sheriff said that.
Clay's case was close,
and so I...
Right. Yeah.
How is she doing? Henry.
She's good, I think.
She's not the most open.
She's a typical teenager.
Well, I suppose when she gets settled and
makes a few friends thing will get better.
I mean, at least that's
what I keep telling myself.
This town is not
the most inviting.
Yeah.
Hey, I don't suppose
that you would wanna
get a drink some time
just to hang out, or...
Um,
yeah, I would
actually love that.
Well, I'm off tonight.
- Is... is that...
- Well, then tonight it is.
I just have to go to the Reston
High game, but I'm free after.
Yeah, I think that
could totally work.
Do you wanna say 8:00
at the Split Pin?
Yeah, perfect.
Looking forward to that.
Yeah, me too.
Right, I'll see you tonight.
No.
You still do that?
Don't judge me.
And you put pineapple
in a tuna sub, okay?
Fucking psycho.
It's a mouth vacation
in the Caribbean, all right?
You can smell the ocean breeze.
Smell the palm trees.
Someone somewhere is
playing a steel drum.
That is the saddest
and most insulting
mouth vacation I have
ever heard about.
So...
Vermont.
Come on, what's the deal?
I used to live there
when I was little.
Before my dad left.
Are you trying to find him?
I don't know.
Does your dad
know where you are?
No.
No, his memory's
a bit suspect these days.
I don't know if it's
the whisky or the TV.
Definitely the TV.
Past couple of months I've been
looking online for a job.
Found a bunch of welding gigs
in Montana.
Montana.
Like, cowboys and shit?
Yeah.
There's a...
A natural gas boom there.
And there's this gig in this
little town called Livingston.
It's by the Yellowstone River.
And it's surrounded
by mountains and
pink sunsets.
You can go snowboarding
in the winter.
You can go fly fishing
in the summer.
I figure I can work mornings
and the nights will be mine.
Livingston.
That sounds nice.
Think I wanna build my own home.
Do you know how to build a home?
No.
- Do you know anyone there?
- No.
That's kind of the point.
How long till your mom
gets tired of this place
and drags you out of here?
I think she actually
likes it here.
Maybe this time
will be different.
Come on.
You don't believe that.
She's trying.
They always try.
Do you like it here?
Fuck.
Do you know what time it is?
Five.
Can you give me
a ride somewhere?
Like, now.
Let's go!
Go Warriors!
There it is. Nice.
Sorry.
Go Warriors!
Jenna.
Jenna!
Good luck.
Break a leg.
Fit the whole town in here?
Go Warriors!
Who's the guy Henry's with?
I think that's...
- Is that Josh?
- Who's Josh?
It's her boyfriend
before we moved here.
Which means she wasn't sick
last night.
Good evening.
Welcome to Reston High.
Now, I know you're all ready
to cheer on the Warriors,
but before tip-off,
I am so proud to present
the Science Club...
Do you know where Townes is?
First place trophy from
the State Science Decathlon.
Now, team, stand up.
And to accept the award
is the Science Club
team captain,
Townes Linderman.
Mr. Linderman.
Mr. Linderman?
I can take it.
Okay.
All right, let's have another
hand for the Science Club.
Whoo-hoo!
That was weird.
Let's get out of here.
Can you give me a minute?
Yeah, sure.
Hey.
Are you okay?
Look, Townes, I know you don't
really wanna tal...
She didn't show up.
She said she would,
but she didn't show up.
Who?
My girlfriend.
People shouldn't lie.
Why did she lie to me?
I don't know.
People do a lot of, just,
really stupid shit.
I mean, not everybody
is like you, Townes.
You aren't afraid to be honest.
You say what you think
no matter what.
But most people aren't
like that.
So maybe she didn't lie,
you know?
Maybe there's just something
going on with her
and she can't...
She can't tell you
about it right now.
Zoe.
My girlfriend's name is Zoe.
Well, maybe call Zoe out
on her shit.
And see what's up.
And if you think
that she deserves it,
then give her a second chance.
And if not, then tell me and
I will kick her fucking ass.
Okay?
I got the message you left me.
If you still need my help,
I'm around.
Thanks.
So, what do you wanna do?
So what do you think?
- What?
- Is the water too warm?
This motel is so fucking weird.
It's got character.
My God, what's happening?
What's happening?
"And then,
"when the molly hits me,
I just wanna
"hop in the leaves, and just,
play, play, play!"
No, that wasn't...
Do you still do that stuff?
Like, to party, or...
No.
I,
Had a close call
a couple of months ago, so...
But I'm clean now.
I mean it.
I missed the shit out of you.
When you left, I...
I just...
Fuck.
You know?
Come on, boys. Hey, double up.
Double up. Come on, boys.
Come on.
Fucking Munther.
You would've made that one, boy.
Ladies and gentlemen.
It's now that time.
If you will, please
put your hands together
and welcome our friend,
our captain,
Clay Boone.
Good job, man.
Yeah! Yeah.
Thank you.
Nice.
To show our thanks tonight,
we honor you, Clay,
and we thank you for your years
as our captain.
So tonight, in your honor,
we're retiring your jersey.
No one will ever wear
the number 32 again.
Three, two, one.
How does it feel?
What do you mean?
They can't win without you,
it must feel pretty good.
It doesn't.
Hey, Patty.
Um...
Listen, I was a real dick
last time I saw you.
I'm sorry.
I just...
You know,
you're still Clay Boone.
Nothing can take that away.
So we were both stationed
at Fort Bragg,
and he was about to be deployed,
and I don't know, I mean,
it seemed like a good
idea at the time.
How old were you?
- Twenty.
- Wow, that's so young.
That's...
That's only four years
older than Henry.
I know.
Kind of seems
like a lifetime ago.
But, it's... I mean,
it's all good.
We're still friends.
Sometimes even
more than friends.
Well, you know what they say,
ex sex is the best sex.
Do people say that?
I don't know. Probably not.
What about you?
How old were you
when you got married?
I was 27.
And I thought, "This is it."
This is the person
I'll be with forever."
I know, divorce is a bitch.
Technically we're still married.
He ran off.
And I didn't know
where to find him.
I guess there's
things that I could do,
but, you know...
I'm sorry.
Yeah, me too.
Do we need more drinks?
Absolutely.
- I'm just gonna go pee first.
- Okay.
I'll be right back.
All right.
Can we get another round?
Sure, one Jameson on the rocks
and, was it a vodka soda?
Soda water with lime,
but in a low ball glass.
- You got it.
- Okay.
- This one?
- Yeah.
Um,
did you want a beer?
You know you don't have to
drink it if you don't like it.
This is a cool room.
Is that your grandma?
What?
That's actually Marie Curie.
That's that scientist lady,
right?
Did you wanna watch a movie?
Yeah, sure.
I know something's wrong,
but you don't have
to tell me what it is, okay?
It's just really hard for me
to be in this town sometimes.
So come with me.
Come to Montana.
How many times have we talked
about getting away,
escaping?
You don't have to eat
some fucking sandwich
just to pretend we're
somewhere we're not.
We could just go there.
Don't let your mom's
shit trap you here, Henry.
Josh.
If I run away
then I'm just like her.
You know?
And shit always catches up.
I... I can't.
I can't, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Shit.
What?
That baby had demon eyes.
God.
You have a really pretty smile.
Alice is mine.
Okay, well...
Is that okay? I should've asked.
There is no God.
You have your father's eyes.
And they were always deep...
My dad won't be back
for a while.
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Yeah.
I've never actually
done this before, but...
It's okay.
Me neither.
Okay.
This was so fun.
And to think this never
would've happened
if you hadn't caught
Henry tagging.
Well, then here's to Henry.
To Henry.
May she stay out of jail.
You should give yourself
a little bit more credit.
You're a good mom.
I don't know.
No, seriously,
in my line of work
I see all kinds.
You actually give a shit what
happens to your kid, so
even if Henry doesn't
appreciate it now,
someday she will.
Thank you.
Shit.
I've left my house keys on
my car keys at Boone Motors.
I can let you in.
Really, you wouldn't mind?
Of course not.
Come on, let's share a cab.
That's great, thank you.
This was really nice.
Did I, well,
did you feel good?
Um, I guess I'll text you later.
Please, don't worry.
So... do you mind shutting that?
Sure.
I really am sorry about this.
Honestly, it's no trouble.
I'll just go get your keys,
okay?
- Okay.
- You wanna wait here?
Sure.
What did your keychain look...
What're you doing?
I...
Look.
There are things going on
here with Bill Boone.
Things that... that you
don't know about.
So this whole thing tonight,
you just... you used me?
I know it looks bad, I just...
I needed to find...
I could get fired for this.
Do you understand?
This job is everything to me.
It pays for my
daughter's medication.
Cleo, please,
if you just let me...
Just leave.
Now.
I'm sorry.
Are you there?
I'm here.
I know the award
meant a lot to you.
I get a lot of awards.
I'm sorry I didn't show.
Why?
I just got busy.
With family and stuff.
If that were true,
you wouldn't be sorry now,
and you would've texted me
to let me know.
You're right. I got scared.
I thought when you saw me
in real life
you wouldn't want me.
You underestimate me.
Boys are boys.
I don't know what that means
but it sounds stupid.
Do you think I'm attracted
to you for your face
or the fact that you can slay
an entire room of winged orcs
slave-minded to a heavy crystal
overlord, single-handed?
I don't care what
you look like IRL.
Hey, you're nearly
at the Sky Castle.
Yeah, I am.
Collect more ammo,
and meet me there.
Okay.
Henrietta.
You here to see Clay?
Hey, did you catch the game?
Some of it.
We lost.
I mean, without Clay, you know.
Door's open. He's in his room.
Hey, this is a surprise.
What're you doing here?
Do you want a beer or something?
I think we have
some in the fridge.
No.
What's wrong?
I wanna talk about the accident.
Okay.
In your truck
we started to kiss.
And I told you no.
I told you to stop
and you didn't stop.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
what're you talking about?
I didn't wanna do anything,
but you held me down.
Henry, this is crazy.
And you...
You forced your fingers
inside me.
Okay, stop.
Stop, I didn't do any of that.
You did.
And I didn't want that.
You kissed me.
You fucking kissed me.
Do you remember that?
Of course I remember.
Do you remember
moving towards me?
- Yes, I remember.
- Kissing me?
You wanted... you wanted it.
I kissed you but that doesn't
mean I wanted it.
Why are you saying this then?
You hurt me!
You hurt me.
I told you I wanted
to go home, Clay.
I wanted to go home
and you hurt me.
- I hurt you?
- Yes.
I fucking hurt you?
Are you kidding me?
Look at me, Henry.
I'm the one in this chair.
I'm the one who got hurt.
I didn't do shit to you.
Clay, there was no accident.
There was no accident.
There was no attack.
No Mennonites.
I did this to you.
You're a fucking liar.
I did this, and I am glad.
I am glad you are stuck in this
chair for the rest of your life.
I am glad that you
will never walk again
because now you can
never hurt anyone else.
Never.
There's something seriously
fucking wrong with you.
- You know that?
- I'm so glad!
- Get the fuck out!
- So glad.
Get the fuck out of my house!
- We really shouldn't.
- I just wanna make you feel good.
- I know, but, Clay...
- Henry, Henry, Henry.
Clay.
See?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org